good morning it's january
21 2021
and it's a thursday
here in l.a a clear morning
a pretty good breeze blowing this
morning
54 degrees fahrenheit around 12 degrees
celsius
i want to thank everyone for their
birthday wishes yesterday
what a great group that comes to visit
david lynch theater thank you very very
much
today i was thinking about gene vincent
and his song bibapalula from 1956
a rockabilly masterpiece
should be going up to around
71 degrees fahrenheit this afternoon 21
22 celsius and it looks like
once again we're going to be enjoying
beautiful blue skies
and golden sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day